h1. report_card

Automatic building and reporting to campfire of metrics with metric_fu through integrity.

h2. Features

* Generates metric_fu sites for each project and ties them together on one page
* Notifies campfire of metric stats given that they have changed since the last run

h2. Requirements

* integrity v0.1.10
* metric_fu
* tinder
* your favorite webserver

h2. Usage

Run: @rake grade@

Note: It's probably best to do this on a cron job.

If you're running private projects, make sure to configure your webserver to block
others from looking at your results. If you're using Apache to host your report_card
site, here's what your VirtualHost could look like:

<pre>
<VirtualHost *:80>
  ServerName  metrics.thoughtbot.com
  DocumentRoot /home/ci/report_card/_site

  <DirectoryMatch /home\/ci\/report_card\/_site\/(archive|private|scores)>
    AuthName "Metrics"
    AuthUserFile /home/ci/.htpasswd
    AuthGroupFile /dev/null
    AuthType basic
    require valid-user
  </DirectoryMatch>
</VirtualHost>
</pre>

h2. Setup

Have a @config.yml@ file in your report_card directory with the following info:

<pre>
# This is the path to integrity's config.yml file.
integrity_config: /home/ci/integrity/config.yml

# Where you want the site to be placed that metric_fu creates
site: /home/ci/report_card/_site

# A regular expression for project names you wish to ignore
# You need to surround this with quotes since YAML is picky
ignore: '[^shoulda]|1\.9'

# The location of your site, for campfire reporting
url: http://metrics.thoughtbot.com

# Set to true if you would like to skip notifying campfire when metrics have changed
skip_notification: false
</pre>

h2. Testing

Run the test suite with @rake@.

There's a cucumber integration test that is run with @cucumber@. This isn't exactly fast since it:

# Sets up integrity
# Adds projects into integrity
# Clones them from github
# Builds the project's tests
# Runs metric_fu on the project's tests
# Generates the report_card site.

However, it should all pass and work. If not, open up an issue!

h2. Thanks

To thoughtbot for supporting this project.
